#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.4.2
    # via flask-alembic
amqp==2.6.0
    # via kombu
angular-gettext-babel==0.3
    # via invenio-search-ui
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
arrow==0.15.6
    # via
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-records-rest
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.8.0
    # via
    #   angular-gettext-babel
    #   flask-babelex
    #   invenio-assets
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.1.0
    # via ipython
base32-lib==1.0.2
    # via invenio-pidstore
billiard==3.6.3.0
    # via celery
bleach==3.3.0
    # via
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-records-rest
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-principal
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-records
celery==4.4.4
    # via
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   invenio-celery
certifi==2020.4.5.1
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
check-manifest==0.42
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   oarepo
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   dojson
    #   flask
    #   flask-shell-ipython
coverage==5.1
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==2.9.2
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   traitlets
    #   validators
dnspython==1.16.0
    # via email-validator
docutils==0.16
    # via sphinx
dojson==1.4.0
    # via invenio-oaiserver
elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invenio-search
elasticsearch==7.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   invenio-search
email-validator==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invenio-accounts
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via openpyxl
execnet==1.7.1
    # via pytest-cache
flask-admin==1.5.6
    # via
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-admin
flask-alembic==2.0.1
    # via invenio-db
flask-assets==2.0
    # via invenio-assets
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-oarepo
    #   invenio-oarepo-ui
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-userprofiles
flask-breadcrumbs==0.5.1
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-userprofiles
flask-caching==1.9.0
    # via invenio-cache
flask-celeryext==0.3.4
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-records
    #   oarepo
flask-collect==1.2.2
    # via invenio-assets
flask-cors==3.0.8
    # via invenio-rest
flask-kvsession==0.6.2
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-limiter==1.1.0
    # via invenio-app
flask-login==0.4.1
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
flask-mail==0.9.1
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-mail
    #   invenio-userprofiles
flask-menu==0.7.1
    # via
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-userprofiles
flask-oauthlib==0.9.5
    # via
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-admin
flask-security==3.0.0
    # via invenio-accounts
flask-shell-ipython==0.4.1
    # via invenio-app
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.3
    # via
    #   flask-alembic
    #   invenio-db
flask-talisman==0.5.0
    # via invenio-app
flask-taxonomies==6.10.3
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-webpackext==1.0.2
    # via
    #   invenio-assets
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-search-ui
flask-wtf==0.14.3
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-userprofiles
flask==1.0.4
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-assets
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-celeryext
    #   flask-collect
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-kvsession
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-mail
    #   flask-menu
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-shell-ipython
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-assets
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-cache
    #   invenio-celery
    #   invenio-config
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   invenio-i18n
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-logging
    #   invenio-mail
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-records
    #   invenio-records-ui
    #   invenio-rest
    #   invenio-search
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-theme
    #   invenio-userprofiles
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-invenio
ftfy==4.4.3
    # via invenio-records-rest
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oauth2server
html5lib==1.0.1
    # via ftfy
idna==2.9
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
imagesize==1.2.0
    # via sphinx
infinity==1.5
    # via intervals
intervals==0.8.1
    # via wtforms-components
invenio-access==1.3.3
    # via invenio
invenio-accounts==1.1.4
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-userprofiles
invenio-admin==1.1.3
    # via invenio
invenio-app==1.2.6
    # via invenio
invenio-assets==1.1.5
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-search-ui
    #   invenio-theme
invenio-base==1.2.3
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-db
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-cache==1.0.0
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-app
invenio-celery==1.1.3
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-accounts
invenio-config==1.0.3
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-app
invenio-db[postgresql,versioning]==1.0.5
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-admin
invenio-formatter==1.0.3
    # via invenio
invenio-i18n==1.1.1
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-theme
invenio-indexer==1.1.2
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-jsonschemas==1.0.2
    # via invenio
invenio-logging==1.2.1
    # via invenio
invenio-mail==1.0.2
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-oauthclient
invenio-oaiserver==1.1.2
    # via invenio
invenio-oarepo-ui==1.1.2
    # via oarepo
invenio-oarepo==1.1.0
    # via oarepo
invenio-oauth2server==1.0.5
    # via invenio
invenio-oauthclient==1.1.3
    # via invenio
invenio-pidstore==1.1.0
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
invenio-records-rest==1.6.5
    # via invenio
invenio-records-ui==1.0.1
    # via invenio
invenio-records==1.3.2
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-indexer
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   invenio-records-ui
invenio-rest==1.1.3
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-records-rest
invenio-search-ui==1.1.1
    # via invenio
invenio-search[elasticsearch7]==1.2.4
    # via invenio
invenio-theme==1.1.4
    # via invenio
invenio-userprofiles==1.0.1
    # via invenio
invenio[auth,base,elasticsearch7,metadata,postgresql,tests]==3.2.2
    # via oarepo
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
ipython==7.15.0
    # via flask-shell-ipython
isort==4.3.21
    # via
    #   invenio
    #   oarepo
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-kvsession
    #   flask-security
    #   flask-wtf
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via openpyxl
jedi==0.17.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==2.11.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
    #   invenio-formatter
    #   sphinx
jsmin==2.2.2
    # via invenio-theme
jsonpatch==1.25
    # via invenio-records
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonref==0.2
    # via
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-records
jsonresolver==0.2.1
    # via
    #   invenio-jsonschemas
    #   invenio-records
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via invenio-records
kombu==4.6.10
    # via celery
limits==1.5.1
    # via flask-limiter
lxml==4.5.1
    # via
    #   dojson
    #   invenio-oaiserver
mako==1.1.3
    # via alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.6.1
    # via
    #   invenio-rest
    #   oarepo
    #   webargs
maxminddb-geolite2==2018.703
    # via invenio-accounts
maxminddb==1.5.4
    # via maxminddb-geolite2
more-itertools==8.3.0
    # via pytest
msgpack==1.0.0
    # via invenio-celery
node-semver==0.1.1
    # via
    #   invenio-assets
    #   pywebpack
oarepo-references==1.6.0
    # via flask-taxonomies
oarepo[tests-es7]==3.2.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==2.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.3
    # via flask-taxonomies
packaging==20.4
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
parso==0.7.0
    # via jedi
passlib==1.7.2
    # via
    #   flask-security
    #   invenio-accounts
pep517==0.8.2
    # via check-manifest
pep8==1.7.1
    # via pytest-pep8
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   jsonresolver
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.5
    # via ipython
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via invenio-db
ptyprocess==0.6.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.8.1
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydocstyle==5.0.2
    # via invenio
pygments==2.6.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oauth2server
pynpm==0.1.2
    # via
    #   flask-webpackext
    #   pywebpack
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.16.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest-cache==1.0
    # via pytest-pep8
pytest-cov==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invenio
    #   pytest-invenio
pytest-flask==0.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-invenio
pytest-invenio==1.2.2
    # via invenio
pytest-pep8==1.0.6
    # via invenio
pytest==4.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   invenio
    #   pytest-cache
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-invenio
    #   pytest-pep8
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   arrow
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   invenio-records-rest
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-slugify==4.0.0
    # via flask-taxonomies
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   invenio-indexer
pywebpack==1.1.0
    # via flask-webpackext
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-celery
requests-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   flask-oauthlib
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sphinx
selenium==3.141.0
    # via pytest-invenio
simplejson==3.17.0
    # via dojson
simplekv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   flask-kvsession
    #   invenio-accounts
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   base32-lib
    #   bleach
    #   cryptography
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   flask-breadcrumbs
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-kvsession
    #   flask-limiter
    #   flask-menu
    #   flask-talisman
    #   html5lib
    #   invenio-access
    #   invenio-admin
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-base
    #   invenio-logging
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   invenio-pidstore
    #   invenio-records-rest
    #   jsonresolver
    #   jsonschema
    #   limits
    #   packaging
    #   pyrsistent
    #   pytest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   traitlets
    #   validators
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components
snowballstemmer==2.0.0
    # via
    #   pydocstyle
    #   sphinx
speaklater==1.3
    # via
    #   flask-babelex
    #   invenio-assets
sphinx==3.0.4
    # via oarepo
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.4
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy-continuum==1.3.11
    # via invenio-db
sqlalchemy-utils[encrypted]==0.35.0
    # via
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-db
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-oauthclient
    #   sqlalchemy-continuum
    #   wtforms-alchemy
sqlalchemy==1.3.17
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   invenio-db
    #   sqlalchemy-continuum
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
    #   wtforms-alchemy
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
toml==0.10.1
    # via
    #   check-manifest
    #   pep517
traitlets==4.3.3
    # via ipython
ua-parser==0.10.0
    # via invenio-accounts
uritools==3.0.0
    # via
    #   invenio-app
    #   invenio-oauthclient
urllib3==1.25.9
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   selenium
validators==0.15.0
    # via wtforms-components
vine==1.3.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
wcwidth==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prompt-toolkit
    #   pytest
webargs==5.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-taxonomies
    #   invenio-rest
webassets==2.0
    # via
    #   flask-assets
    #   invenio-assets
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
werkzeug==0.16.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-kvsession
    #   invenio
    #   invenio-accounts
    #   invenio-oaiserver
    #   invenio-oauth2server
    #   invenio-records
    #   jsonresolver
    #   pytest-flask
    #   pytest-invenio
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via flask-taxonomies
wtforms-alchemy==0.17.0
    # via invenio-oauth2server
wtforms-components==0.10.4
    # via wtforms-alchemy
wtforms==2.3.1
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-wtf
    #   invenio-userprofiles
    #   wtforms-alchemy
    #   wtforms-components

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
